edge-20.10.3 (#5079)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-20.10.3

This edge release is a release candidate for stable-2.9.0.  It overhauls the
discovery and routing logic implemented by the proxy, simplifies the way that
Linkerd stores configuration, and adds new Helm values to configure additional
labels, annotations, and namespace selectors for webhooks.

* Added podLabels and podAnnotations Helm values to allow adding additional
  labels or annotations to Linkerd control plane pods (thanks @tustvold!)
* Added namespaceSelector Helm value for configuring the namespace selector
  used by admission webhooks (thanks @tustvold!)

> * Expanded the 'linkerd edges' command to show TCP connections

Reviewer: nit: Did you mean to use backticks here?

```suggestion
* Expanded the `linkerd edges` command to show TCP connections
```
